I want you
To live worse than death
Take him to the hospital
His kidney, donate it to someone in need
No anesthesia
I want him to suffer
Day and night
Yes
[Unclear text, possibly an error]
HOUSES OF PARIS
Who’d have thought back then
Young Master Fù was so mighty
Now fallen so low
Sī Sī
You came to see me?
Didn’t expect
In the end
Only you’d stick by me
Sī Sī
Can you help me?
I need the Jiǎng family’s help
Trust me
I’ll definitely make you
The richest lady in Dōng Hǎi
Fù Jiā Hào
You only know how to rely on women
To get rich, huh?
Three years ago, you leaned on Qín Ruò Yǔ
Recently, you wanted to lean on
Some rich family’s eldest miss
Now you want to lean on me
Fù Jiā Hào
How are you so useless?